edition depth dancing with le
stars nathalie giusy versace to contact
I see table as bachelet has in the bathroom
of the crime traditions umberto da lui
that the two stages chosen pacca cingia
touristic stumps limit harbor dancing
with the stars
filming in screeching scammers from f2
it came to be done raimondo todaro
poured true do not attract attention
here
handle
crisis
spirit
thank you
fu of judy dispute
that you and kicking out
a great honor before as brave as it is
been winning by talking to the taxi driver
there was home show with sun
corsini cougars actually a ford
I still have to do this
win when people remember me
I ask you to pinch me because I don't
I can believe a girl without it
legs won the transmission where
the legs are the protagonists this is the
your office
this is the miracle that he did
they look already discarded by dancing with the
stars in italy
udine is really good
if too strong and if a big one
inspiration for all of ours
competitors because you have passed
yourself I have to say it was difficult yes
it was very difficult because there
let the positive ailments not
they missed all week
according to protect Christendom on the ground
with the legs the lines are enriched
so I could say that love for
dance everything gets bigger
what is the best message for you
Can you give voice talents for nothing there
will succeed cause china counts well but disc
I think I haven't done anything
awesome
despite I can get to the theater it has come to
this sum then went down thanks
really intel has been here thanks
love
it really became a pleasure that the
right feeling verdict raimondo todaro
25 18 points tomb nando
I'm fine with it
what can I just say that I am partly
and so much